---
layout: "post"
title: "Disclaimer"
---

# Disclaimer

Last Updated on {{ site.time | date_to_string: "ordinal", "US" }}

*NOTICE: Please read the Disclaimer set forth below, which is legally binding. By visiting, viewing or using this
website and/or by using any program, product, course or service from us, you agree to be bound by this Disclaimer and
our Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions.*

{{ site.title }}, {{ site.url }} ("website"), which is operated by {{ site.author }} ("Company", "we", "us", or "our")
provides visitors information on the website as a public service, subject to the following terms and conditions ("
Disclaimer"). The term "you" refers to any visitor, viewer or user of the website and/or any user of any free or paid
program, product, course or service of the Company (each, a "Product").

## GENERAL DISCLAIMER

The content on this website is provided to you “as is” and is intended to serve as general information. While we strive
to provide you with quality content, we give no representation or warranty that the content is accurate, complete,
updated, timely, relevant or free from typographical, technical, informational or pricing errors and omissions, whether
negligent or otherwise. By using this website or any Products, you agree and acknowledge that your use of this website
and use of any Products is solely at your own risk. This Disclaimer was created with the help
of [Plug and Law](https://plugandlaw.com/privacy-policy-generator)
and [Privacy Policy Solutions](https://privacypolicysolutions.com).

## NOT PROFESSIONAL ADVICE

This website does not contain professional advice, nor is any professional-client relationship established with you
through your use of this website. Any information found on or derived from this website should not be a substitute for
and cannot be relied on as any legal, tax, real estate, medical, financial, risk management, marital or other
professional advice. If you require any such advice, please consult with a licensed or knowledgeable professional in
that area before taking any action.

## YOUR RESPONSIBILITY

It is your responsibility to take all necessary steps to independently verify and ascertain that any information you
choose to rely on from, access through or take action based upon this website or our Products is accurate, as we are not
responsible for your use of the information obtained from or accessed through this website or our Products. Any views
expressed on this website are solely the personal views of the author and do not necessarily reflect the views of the
Company.

## EARNINGS DISCLAIMER

While we may, on this website, through any of our Products or in our communications, reference certain results or
outcomes, you agree and acknowledge that information about these results or outcomes are received from third parties and
we have no control over the accuracy of such statements, nor is there any guarantee that you can achieve the same
results or outcomes. You agree and acknowledge that these results are not guaranteed or typical in any way and that
individual outcomes may vary. Please do not rely on these results or outcomes in using the website or purchasing any
Products.

## THIRD PARTY LINKS

Our website may contain links to third party websites, for example, through hyperlinks we provide or through banners or
advertisements, solely as a convenience to you. However, we are not responsible for any content found on or accessed
through any links to third party websites. Any links to third party websites we provide do not serve as endorsements by
us for the third party website or any of the products or services you may find on such website. We have no control over
third parties and assume no responsibility for any third party websites or any of the products or services you may find
on such websites, even if you access a third party website through a link on this website. If you choose to access a
third party website, it is solely at your own risk.

## TESTIMONIALS DISCLAIMER

This website may contain testimonials by users of our Products. Each testimonial reflects solely the personal view,
opinion or experience of the individual providing the testimonial and does not reflect our views or opinions. You should
not rely on any testimonial as indicative of a certain result or outcome. We do not claim, nor should you assume that
your use of our Products will lead to the same result or outcome. We also do not independently verify, nor can we
guarantee the accuracy of any information provided in such testimonials.

Except for correcting spelling and grammatical errors, each testimonial appears verbatim as we have received it. We do
not pay or provide any form of compensation to individuals for providing testimonials.

## AFFILIATE DISCLAIMER

This website may contain links to affiliate websites. When you click on and/or make a purchase through an affiliate link
placed on our website, we may receive a small commission or other form of compensation at no additional cost to you.
Please assume that any links contained on our website are affiliate links. Our use of affiliate links does not influence
the products, services and websites that we share with you. This Disclaimer applies to all of the various means we use
to communicate with you, including via this website, email, phone, social media, our Products or otherwise.

## AMAZON AFFILIATE DISCLAIMER

We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide
a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites. When you click on and/or make a purchase
through a link to an Amazon affiliate link placed on our website, we may receive a small commission at no additional
cost to you.

## SPONSORED POSTS

This website may contain sponsored posts or reviews, where we receive a form of compensation in exchange for publishing
a post or a review of a product or service. We may also receive a small commission or other form of compensation at no
additional cost to you if you click on and/or make a purchase through an affiliate link in a sponsored post or review.

## FAIR USE DISCLAIMER

We may use copyrighted material on our website without specific authorization. In these instances, we do so because we
believe such use constitutes fair use of any such copyrighted material under Section 107 of the United States copyright
law.

## CHANGES TO THE DISCLAIMER

We reserve the right to amend this Disclaimer at any time without notice to you. We will alert you to any changes by
posting the effective date of the latest version at the top of this page, at which point any changes will become
immediately effective. It is your responsibility to check for updates, as your continued use of the website and our
Products after this Disclaimer is amended will constitute your acceptance and agreement to continue to be bound by this
Disclaimer, as amended.

## HOW TO CONTACT US

If you have any questions, please contact us using the information below.

- By [contact form]( {{ site.url | append: "/contact" }} )
